Document number selector default (#40028)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/blueprint/selectors.markdown

  description: This can be either `box` or `slider` mode.
  type: string
  required: false

>   default: slider if min and max set, else box

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  default: slider if min and max are set, otherwise box
```
